com/jumanji/capston/controller/exception/UserException/PasswordMissMatchException.java
 com.jumanji.capston.controller.exception.UserException.PasswordMissMatchException
com/jumanji/capston/repository/MessageRepository.java
 com.jumanji.capston.repository.MessageRepository
com/jumanji/capston/storage/StorageException.java
 com.jumanji.capston.storage.StorageException
com/jumanji/capston/repository/UserRepository.java
 com.jumanji.capston.repository.UserRepository
com/jumanji/capston/service/ShopService.java
 com.jumanji.capston.service.ShopService
com/jumanji/capston/data/Request/MenuRequest.java
 com.jumanji.capston.data.Request.MenuRequest
com/jumanji/capston/repository/OrderRepository.java
 com.jumanji.capston.repository.OrderRepository
com/jumanji/capston/controller/exception/ApiExceptionHandler.java
 com.jumanji.capston.controller.exception.ApiExceptionHandler
com/jumanji/capston/config/jwt/JwtResponse.java
 com.jumanji.capston.config.jwt.JwtResponse
com/jumanji/capston/controller/UserController.java
 com.jumanji.capston.controller.UserController
com/jumanji/capston/config/jwt/JwtProperties.java
 com.jumanji.capston.config.jwt.JwtProperties
com/jumanji/capston/controller/exception/UserException/UserNotFoundException.java
 com.jumanji.capston.controller.exception.UserException.UserNotFoundException
com/jumanji/capston/service/MessageService.java
 com.jumanji.capston.service.MessageService
com/jumanji/capston/data/Response/shopIntroResponse.java
 com.jumanji.capston.data.Response.shopIntroResponse
com/jumanji/capston/service/PaymentService.java
 com.jumanji.capston.service.PaymentService
com/jumanji/capston/service/NaverPlaceSearchService.java
 com.jumanji.capston.service.NaverPlaceSearchService
com/jumanji/capston/service/TableService.java
 com.jumanji.capston.service.TableService
com/jumanji/capston/data/Order.java
 com.jumanji.capston.data.Order
 com.jumanji.capston.data.Order$Request
com/jumanji/capston/data/Payment.java
 com.jumanji.capston.data.Payment
com/jumanji/capston/controller/ApiController.java
 com.jumanji.capston.controller.ApiController
com/jumanji/capston/data/MessageId.java
 com.jumanji.capston.data.MessageId
com/jumanji/capston/config/oauth/provider/NaverUserInfo.java
 com.jumanji.capston.config.oauth.provider.NaverUserInfo
com/jumanji/capston/data/UserHasCouponId.java
 com.jumanji.capston.data.UserHasCouponId
com/jumanji/capston/controller/exception/ShopException/ShopNotFoundException.java
 com.jumanji.capston.controller.exception.ShopException.ShopNotFoundException
com/jumanji/capston/data/User.java
 com.jumanji.capston.data.User
 com.jumanji.capston.data.User$Request
 com.jumanji.capston.data.User$Response
 com.jumanji.capston.data.User$UserBuilder
com/jumanji/capston/repository/UserHasCouponRepository.java
 com.jumanji.capston.repository.UserHasCouponRepository
com/jumanji/capston/service/OrderService.java
 com.jumanji.capston.service.OrderService
com/jumanji/capston/service/RewviewService.java
 com.jumanji.capston.service.RewviewService
com/jumanji/capston/service/UserHasCouponService.java
 com.jumanji.capston.service.UserHasCouponService
com/jumanji/capston/controller/CouponController.java
 com.jumanji.capston.controller.CouponController
com/jumanji/capston/controller/exception/ApiErrorResponse.java
 com.jumanji.capston.controller.exception.ApiErrorResponse
com/jumanji/capston/data/Penalty.java
 com.jumanji.capston.data.Penalty
com/jumanji/capston/repository/ReviewRepository.java
 com.jumanji.capston.repository.ReviewRepository
com/jumanji/capston/config/JwtAuthenticationEntryPoint.java
 com.jumanji.capston.config.JwtAuthenticationEntryPoint
com/jumanji/capston/config/SecurityConfig.java
 com.jumanji.capston.config.SecurityConfig
com/jumanji/capston/data/Shop.java
 com.jumanji.capston.data.Shop
 com.jumanji.capston.data.Shop$Patch
 com.jumanji.capston.data.Shop$Request
 com.jumanji.capston.data.Shop$Response
 com.jumanji.capston.data.Shop$ShopBuilder
 com.jumanji.capston.data.Shop$info
com/jumanji/capston/controller/OrderController.java
 com.jumanji.capston.controller.OrderController
com/jumanji/capston/controller/commons/Controller.java
 com.jumanji.capston.controller.commons.Controller
com/jumanji/capston/repository/PenaltyRepository.java
 com.jumanji.capston.repository.PenaltyRepository
com/jumanji/capston/repository/MenuRepository.java
 com.jumanji.capston.repository.MenuRepository
com/jumanji/capston/data/Chatbot.java
 com.jumanji.capston.data.Chatbot
com/jumanji/capston/config/utils/MediaUtils.java
 com.jumanji.capston.config.utils.MediaUtils
com/jumanji/capston/repository/ShopRepository.java
 com.jumanji.capston.repository.ShopRepository
com/jumanji/capston/data/Request/FileAndData.java
 com.jumanji.capston.data.Request.FileAndData
com/jumanji/capston/controller/ShopController.java
 com.jumanji.capston.controller.ShopController
com/jumanji/capston/config/auth/PrincipalDetails.java
 com.jumanji.capston.config.auth.PrincipalDetails
com/jumanji/capston/controller/MenuController.java
 com.jumanji.capston.controller.MenuController
com/jumanji/capston/CapstonApplication.java
 com.jumanji.capston.CapstonApplication
com/jumanji/capston/service/TxprService.java
 com.jumanji.capston.service.TxprService
com/jumanji/capston/config/Filter/CharacterEncodingFilter.java
 com.jumanji.capston.config.Filter.CharacterEncodingFilter
com/jumanji/capston/controller/externalApiController/TxprController.java
 com.jumanji.capston.controller.externalApiController.TxprController
com/jumanji/capston/data/Message.java
 com.jumanji.capston.data.Message
com/jumanji/capston/service/ChatbotService.java
 com.jumanji.capston.service.ChatbotService
com/jumanji/capston/controller/externalApiController/NavSearchController.java
 com.jumanji.capston.controller.externalApiController.NavSearchController
com/jumanji/capston/controller/PaymentController.java
 com.jumanji.capston.controller.PaymentController
com/jumanji/capston/service/ExternalApiService.java
 com.jumanji.capston.service.ExternalApiService
com/jumanji/capston/data/OAuthToken.java
 com.jumanji.capston.data.OAuthToken
com/jumanji/capston/service/UserService.java
 com.jumanji.capston.service.UserService
com/jumanji/capston/data/Request/SearchAddressRequest.java
 com.jumanji.capston.data.Request.SearchAddressRequest
com/jumanji/capston/controller/SampleController.java
 com.jumanji.capston.controller.SampleController
com/jumanji/capston/repository/TableRepository.java
 com.jumanji.capston.repository.TableRepository
com/jumanji/capston/controller/commons/FileController.java
 com.jumanji.capston.Controller.commons.FileController
com/jumanji/capston/service/ReservationService.java
 com.jumanji.capston.service.ReservationService
com/jumanji/capston/repository/PaymentRepository.java
 com.jumanji.capston.repository.PaymentRepository
com/jumanji/capston/config/CustomAuthenticationProvider.java
 com.jumanji.capston.config.CustomAuthenticationProvider
com/jumanji/capston/service/AddressSearchApiService.java
 com.jumanji.capston.service.AddressSearchApiService
com/jumanji/capston/repository/CouponRepository.java
 com.jumanji.capston.repository.CouponRepository
com/jumanji/capston/config/jwt/JwtTokenUtil.java
 com.jumanji.capston.config.jwt.JwtTokenUtil
com/jumanji/capston/controller/ReservationController.java
 com.jumanji.capston.controller.ReservationController
com/jumanji/capston/controller/ReviewController.java
 com.jumanji.capston.controller.ReviewController
com/jumanji/capston/config/auth/PrincipalDetailsService.java
 com.jumanji.capston.config.auth.PrincipalDetailsService
com/jumanji/capston/data/Request/TxprDscNoRequest.java
 com.jumanji.capston.data.Request.TxprDscNoRequest
com/jumanji/capston/data/Reservation.java
 com.jumanji.capston.data.Reservation
com/jumanji/capston/storage/StorageFileNotFoundException.java
 com.jumanji.capston.storage.StorageFileNotFoundException
com/jumanji/capston/service/PenaltyService.java
 com.jumanji.capston.service.PenaltyService
com/jumanji/capston/controller/ChatbotController.java
 com.jumanji.capston.controller.ChatbotController
com/jumanji/capston/service/CouponService.java
 com.jumanji.capston.service.CouponService
com/jumanji/capston/repository/ChatbotRepository.java
 com.jumanji.capston.repository.ChatbotRepository
com/jumanji/capston/controller/commons/TestController.java
 com.jumanji.capston.controller.commons.TestController
com/jumanji/capston/config/WebMVCConfig.java
 com.jumanji.capston.config.WebMVCConfig
com/jumanji/capston/controller/exception/ShopException/ShopHasExistException.java
 com.jumanji.capston.controller.exception.ShopException.ShopHasExistException
com/jumanji/capston/service/StorageService.java
 com.jumanji.capston.service.StorageService
com/jumanji/capston/config/oauth/PrincipalOauth2UserService.java
 com.jumanji.capston.config.oauth.PrincipalOauth2UserService
com/jumanji/capston/config/StorageConfig.java
 com.jumanji.capston.config.StorageConfig
com/jumanji/capston/config/CorsConfig.java
 com.jumanji.capston.config.CorsConfig
com/jumanji/capston/data/Tab.java
 com.jumanji.capston.data.Tab
com/jumanji/capston/config/jwt/JwtRequestFilter.java
 com.jumanji.capston.config.jwt.JwtRequestFilter
com/jumanji/capston/controller/MessageController.java
 com.jumanji.capston.controller.MessageController
com/jumanji/capston/config/oauth/provider/FacebookUserInfo.java
 com.jumanji.capston.config.oauth.provider.FacebookUserInfo
com/jumanji/capston/config/oauth/provider/OAuth2UserInfo.java
 com.jumanji.capston.config.oauth.provider.OAuth2UserInfo
com/jumanji/capston/controller/commons/WebController.java
 com.jumanji.capston.controller.commons.WebController
com/jumanji/capston/controller/externalApiController/AddressSearchApiController.java
 com.jumanji.capston.controller.externalApiController.AddressSearchApiController
com/jumanji/capston/config/oauth/provider/GoogleUserInfo.java
 com.jumanji.capston.config.oauth.provider.GoogleUserInfo
com/jumanji/capston/controller/TableController.java
 com.jumanji.capston.controller.TableController
com/jumanji/capston/data/Menu.java
 com.jumanji.capston.data.Menu
 com.jumanji.capston.data.Menu$MenuBuilder
 com.jumanji.capston.data.Menu$Request
 com.jumanji.capston.data.Menu$Response
 com.jumanji.capston.data.Menu$info
com/jumanji/capston/data/Review.java
 com.jumanji.capston.data.Review
com/jumanji/capston/repository/ReservationRepository.java
 com.jumanji.capston.repository.ReservationRepository
com/jumanji/capston/controller/exception/BasicException.java
 com.jumanji.capston.controller.exception.BasicException
com/jumanji/capston/data/Request/UserDto.java
 com.jumanji.capston.data.Request.UserDto
 com.jumanji.capston.data.Request.UserDto$Info
 com.jumanji.capston.data.Request.UserDto$Request
com/jumanji/capston/controller/UserCouponController.java
 com.jumanji.capston.controller.UserCouponController
com/jumanji/capston/service/MenuService.java
 com.jumanji.capston.service.MenuService
com/jumanji/capston/data/Request/FileRequest.java
 com.jumanji.capston.data.Request.FileRequest
com/jumanji/capston/controller/PenaltyController.java
 com.jumanji.capston.controller.PenaltyController
com/jumanji/capston/data/Coupon.java
 com.jumanji.capston.data.Coupon
com/jumanji/capston/data/UserHasCoupon.java
 com.jumanji.capston.data.UserHasCoupon
